data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_2/transcripa.exe.config.deploy.i
data/transcripa/Validation/Validation.cs.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_2/transcripa.exe.deploy.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_2/Data/Languages.xsd.deploy.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_1/transcripa.exe.config.deploy.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_1/transcripa.exe.manifest.i
data/transcripa/Data/Languages.xsd.i
data/images/korean.png.i
data/logo/schwa_32.png.i
data/images/english.png.i
data/transcripa/Data/Transcriptions.xml.i
data/transcripa/Properties/Resources.resx.i
data/publish/transcripa.application.i
data/transcripa/App.xaml.i
data/transcripa/MainWindow.xaml.i
data/transcripa/Transcription/TranscriptionException.cs.i
data/transcripa/Transcription/Language.cs.i
data/logo/schwa.ico.i
data/transcripa/Management/LanguageManager.cs.i
data/transcripa/Accents.cs.i
data/push.bat.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_1/schwa.ico.deploy.i
data/transcripa.sln.i
data/logo/schwa_256.png.i
data/transcripa/Transcription/LanguageManager.cs.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_2/Data/Accents.xsd.deploy.i
data/transcripa/MainWindow.xaml.cs.i
data/images/screenshot.png.i
data/transcripa/Data/Languages.xml.i
data/images/latin.png.i
data/transcripa/Data/Accents.xsd.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_2/schwa.ico.deploy.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_1/Data/Languages.xml.deploy.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_2/Data/Accents.xml.deploy.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_1/transcripa.application.i
data/transcripa/Management/Language.cs.i
data/logo/schwa.psd.i
data/transcripa/transcripa.csproj.i
data/transcripa/App.xaml.cs.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_0/transcripa.exe.manifest.i
data/transcripa/Input/Accents.cs.i
data/transcripa/Properties/Resources.Designer.cs.i
data/logo/schwa_128.png.i
data/publish/setup.exe.i
data/images/french.png.i
data/transcripa/Extensions/XmlExtension.cs.i
data/logo/schwa_24.png.i
data/transcripa/Transcription/TranscriptionMatch.cs.i
data/transcripa/Transcription/Decomposition.cs.i
data/publish/setup.exe.d
data/license.txt.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_2/transcripa.application.i
data/logo/schwa_64.png.i
data/transcripa/Transcription/Transcription.cs.i
data/transcripa/Images/schwa.ico.i
data/images/japanese.png.i
data/logo/schwa_48.png.i
data/transcripa/Transcription/Accents.cs.i
data/transcripa/Transcription/Romanization.cs.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_2/transcripa.exe.manifest.i
data/transcripa/schwa.ico.i
data/transcripa/Data/Accents.xml.i
data/transcripa/Data/Transcriptions.xsd.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_2/Data/Languages.xml.deploy.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_0/transcripa.exe.config.deploy.i
data/transcripa/app.config.i
data/transcripa/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/images/mandarin.png.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_1/transcripa.exe.deploy.i
data/transcripa/transcripa.csproj.user.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_1/Data/Accents.xml.deploy.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_1/Data/Accents.xsd.deploy.i
data/transcripa/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_0/schwa.ico.deploy.i
data/transcripa.suo.d
data/transcripa/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/transcripa/readme.txt.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_1/Data/Languages.xsd.deploy.i
data/transcripa.suo.i
data/transcripa/Transcription/Transcriber.cs.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_0/transcripa.exe.deploy.i
data/logo/schwa_16.png.i
data/publish/Application Files/transcripa_0_7_5_0/transcripa.application.i
